Day 01: 
    Need to check the date i started but i first spent quite a bit of time looking at the datasets and compiling them

Day 02: 30 March
    I then had quite a bit of a break and came back to this project but in the meantime I had been working 
    on another project with these datasets so I know a lot more about them. I recompiled them into a 
    dataset that I can work with.
    I had a small python project where I trained a model to classify policies based on whether they are mitigation or adaptation

Day 03: 31 March
    Now I am beginning to really look at the dataset I compiled and try and make it scaled and workable.
    Currently the data is in country year pairs which needs to be addressed.

    averaged the years so we have one line per country
    scaling the data using fit transform and scalar = powertransformer
    seems like a k of 3 or 4 makes sense
    
    added more countries and I'm not sure if this is good or bad? kind of nice to focus on a small list and get a good story rather? will have to decide.
    used PCA - not sure if visualisation is useful
    Kmeans seems to be working well... the clusters are making sense. Would be cool to do some feature engineering now and see what we get. I think DBSCAN might not work for this data but worth testing.
    Think I need to do some dimensionality reduction.
    initial clusters I got where:

    --- Climate Policy Archetypes (k=4) ---

Archetype 0:
  Countries: Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Ireland, Norway, New Zealand, Sweden

Archetype 1:
  Countries: Austria, Belgium, Switzerland, Chile, Germany, Spain, United Kingdom, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia

Archetype 2:
  Countries: Australia, Czech Republic, Israel, Japan, Korea, Republic of, Poland, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia

Archetype 3:
  Countries: Argentina, China, Colombia, Indonesia, India, Mexico, Peru, Turkey, South Africa


  Day 04: 02 April
  today im taking a look at my features to see what could do with some tweaking


  Day 05: 10 April
  